"title","subtitle","brief","text","pro_statement","con_statement","passage_threshold","effect_of_abstain","id"
"No. 1 CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT ARTICLE X, SECTION 28 ","","Water and Land Conservation - Dedicates funds to acquire and restore Florida conservation and recreation lands","Water and Land Conservation - Dedicates funds to acquire and restore Florida conservation and recreation lands  Funds the Land Acquisition Trust Fund to acquire, restore, improve, and manage conservation lands including wetlands and forests; fish and wildlife habitat; lands protecting water resources and drinking water sources, including the Everglades, and the water quality of rivers, lakes, and streams; beaches and shores; outdoor recreational lands; working farms and ranches; and historic or geologic sites, by dedicating 33 percent of net revenues from the existing excise tax on documents for 20 years.  This amendment does not increase or decrease state revenues. The state revenue restricted to the purposes specified in the amendment is estimated to be $648 million in Fiscal Year 2015-16 and grows to $1.268 billion by the twentieth year. Whether this results in any additional state expenditures depends upon future legislative actions and cannot be determined. Similarly, the impact on local government revenues, if any, cannot be determined. No additional local government costs are expected. ","","","","","125000"
"No. 2 CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT ARTICLE X, SECTION 29 ","","Use of Marijuana for Certain Medical Conditions ","Use of Marijuana for Certain Medical Conditions  Allows the medical use of marijuana for individuals with debilitating diseases as determined by a licensed Florida physician. Allows caregivers to assist patients? medical use of marijuana. The Department of Health shall register and regulate centers that produce and distribute marijuana for medical purposes and shall issue identification cards to patients and caregivers. Applies only to Florida law. Does not authorize violations of federal law or any non-medical use, possession or production of marijuana.  Increased costs from this amendment to state and local governments cannot be determined. There will be additional regulatory and enforcement activities associated with the production and sale of medical marijuana. Fees will offset at least a portion of the regulatory costs. While sales tax may apply to purchases, changes in revenue cannot reasonably be determined since the extent to which medical marijuana will be exempt from taxation is unclear without legislative or state administrative action.   ","","","","","125001"
"No. 3 CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT ARTICLE V, SECTIONS 10, 11","","Prospective Appointment of Certain Judicial Vacancies ","Prospective Appointment of Certain Judicial Vacancies  Proposing an amendment to the State Constitution requiring the Governor to prospectively fill vacancies in a judicial office to which election for retention applies resulting from the justice?s or judge?s reaching the mandatory retirement age or failure to qualify for a retention election; and allowing prospective appointments if a justice or judge is not retained at an election. Currently, the Governor may not fill an expected vacancy until the current justice?s or judge?s term expires.  ","","","","","125002"
