"title","subtitle","brief","text","pro_statement","con_statement","passage_threshold","effect_of_abstain","id"
"State Measure 86","","86  Amends Constitution:  Requires creation of fund for Oregonians pursuing post-secondary education, authorizes state indebtedness to finance fund","86  Amends Constitution:  Requires creation of fund for Oregonians pursuing post-secondary education, authorizes state indebtedness to finance fund",""Result of ?yes? vote: ?Yes? vote amends constitution and requires legislature to establish fund for Oregonians pursuing post-secondary education, career training; authorizes state to incur debt to finance fund."","Result of ?no? vote: ?No? vote rejects authorization for state to extend credit and incur debt to create dedicated fund for Oregon students pursuing post-secondary education and career training. ","","","415000"
"State Measure 87","","87 Amends Constitution: Permits employment of state judges by National Guard (military service) and state public universities (teaching)","87 Amends Constitution: Permits employment of state judges by National Guard (military service) and state public universities (teaching)",""Result of ?yes? vote: ?Yes? vote amends constitution to permit state judges to be employed by Oregon National Guard for military service purposes, state public universities for teaching purposes."","Result of ?no? vote: ?No? vote retains existing constitutional restrictions on employment of Oregon state court judges by the Oregon National Guard and by the state public university system","","","415001"
"State Measure 88","","88  Provides Oregon resident ?driver card? without  requiring proof of legal presence in the United States","88  Provides Oregon resident ?driver card? without  requiring proof of legal presence in the United States","Result of ?no? vote: ?No? vote rejects law directing Department of Transportation to issue ?driver card? to eligible Oregon resident without requiring proof of legal presence in United States","","","","415002"
"State Measure 89","","89  Amends Constitution:  State/political subdivision shall not deny or abridge equality of rights on account of sex","89  Amends Constitution:  State/political subdivision shall not deny or abridge equality of rights on account of sex",""Result of ?yes? vote: ?Yes? vote amends state constitution, prohibits state and any political subdivision from denying or abridging equality of rights under the law on account of sex."",""Result of ?no? vote: ?No? vote retains current prohibition on laws granting/denying privileges or immunities on account of sex, unless justified by specific biological differences between men/women. "","","","415003"
"State Measure 90","","90  Changes general election nomination processes: provides for single primary ballot listing candidates; top two advance ","90  Changes general election nomination processes: provides for single primary ballot listing candidates; top two advance ","Result of ?yes? vote: ?Yes? vote replaces general election nomination processes for most partisan offices; all candidates listed on one single primary ballot; two advance to general election ballot.",""Result of ?no? vote: ?No? vote retains current general election nomination processes, including party primaries for major parties; separate primary ballots;  multiple candidates can appear on general election ballot"","","","415004"
"State Measure 91","","91 Allows possession, manufacture, sale of marijuana by/to adults, subject to state licensing, regulation, taxation","91 Allows possession, manufacture, sale of marijuana by/to adults, subject to state licensing, regulation, taxation",""Result of ?yes? vote: ?Yes? vote allows possession, authorizes in-state manufacture, processing, sale of marijuana by/to adults; licensing, regulation, taxation by state; retains current medical marijuana laws."",""Result of ?no? vote: ?No? vote retains laws classifying cannabis as a controlled substance; prohibiting most sale, possession, manufacture of cannabis; permitting production, possession of cannabis for medical use"","","","415005"
"State Measure 92","","92  Requires food manufacturers, retailers to label genetically engineered foods as such; state, citizens may enforce","92  Requires food manufacturers, retailers to label genetically engineered foods as such; state, citizens may enforce",""Result of ?yes? vote: ?Yes? vote requires the labeling of raw and packaged foods produced entirely or partially by ?genetic engineering,? effective January 2016; applies to retailers, suppliers, manufacturers."",""Result of ?no? vote: ?No? vote retains existing law, which does not require ?genetically engineered? food to be labeled as such. "","","","415006"
