"title","subtitle","brief","text","pro_statement","con_statement","passage_threshold","effect_of_abstain","id"
"PROPOSED AMENDMENT TO THE 1970 ILLINOIS CONSTITUTION - 1","","The proposed amendment makes changes to Section 8.1 of Article I of the Illinois Constitution, the Crime Victims? Bill of Rights. The proposed amendment would expand certain rights already granted to crime victims in Illinois, and give crime victims the ability to enforce their rights in a court of law. You are asked to decide whether the proposed amendment should become part of the Illinois Constitution. For the proposed amendment of Section 8.1 of Article I of the Illinois Constitution.","The proposed amendment makes changes to Section 8.1 of Article I of the Illinois Constitution, the Crime Victims? Bill of Rights. The proposed amendment would expand certain rights already granted to crime victims in Illinois, and give crime victims the ability to enforce their rights in a court of law. You are asked to decide whether the proposed amendment should become part of the Illinois Constitution. For the proposed amendment of Section 8.1 of Article I of the Illinois Constitution.","","","","","175000"
"PROPOSED AMENDMENT TO THE 1970 ILLINOIS CONSTITUTION - 2","","The proposed amendment adds a new section to the Suffrage and Elections Article of the Illinois Constitution. The proposed amendment would prohibit any law that disproportionately affects the rights of eligible Illinois citizens to register to vote or cast a ballot based on the voter?s race, color, ethnicity, status as a member of a language minority, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, or income. You are asked to decide whether the proposed amendment should become part of the Illinois Constitution. For the proposed addition of Section 8 to Article III of the Illinois Constitution","The proposed amendment adds a new section to the Suffrage and Elections Article of the Illinois Constitution. The proposed amendment would prohibit any law that disproportionately affects the rights of eligible Illinois citizens to register to vote or cast a ballot based on the voter?s race, color, ethnicity, status as a member of a language minority, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, or income. You are asked to decide whether the proposed amendment should become part of the Illinois Constitution. For the proposed addition of Section 8 to Article III of the Illinois Constitution","","","","","175001"
"STATEWIDE ADVISORY QUESTIONS - 1","","Shall the minimum wage in Illinois for adults over the age of 18 be raised to $10 per hour by January 1, 2015?","Shall the minimum wage in Illinois for adults over the age of 18 be raised to $10 per hour by January 1, 2015?","","","","","175002"
"STATEWIDE ADVISORY QUESTIONS - 2","","Shall any health insurance plan in Illinois that provides prescription drug coverage be required to include prescription birth control as part of that coverage?","Shall any health insurance plan in Illinois that provides prescription drug coverage be required to include prescription birth control as part of that coverage?","","","","","175003"
"STATEWIDE ADVISORY QUESTIONS - 3","","Should the Illinois Constitution be amended to require that each school district receive additional revenue, based on their number of students, from an additional 3% tax on income greater than one million dollars?","Should the Illinois Constitution be amended to require that each school district receive additional revenue, based on their number of students, from an additional 3% tax on income greater than one million dollars?","","","","","175004"
